Include c8y cli (#2423)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/additional-resources/more-documentation.md

A complete OpenAPI Specification for the {{< product-c8y-iot >}} REST API is available at [https://{{< domain-c8y >}}/api/core/](https://{{< domain-c8y >}}/api/core). The OpenAPI Specification describes the {{< product-c8y-iot >}} REST API (that is, available endpoints, operations on each endpoint, input and output for each operation, authentication methods and more) following the OpenAPI 3.0 standard.

> ### Cumulocity CLI

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### {{< product-c8y-iot >}} CLI {#cumulocity-iot-cli}
```

> To simplify the interaction with the platform for developers, the Cumulocity IoT CLI tool provides a powerful command-line interface. This tool allows you to manage devices, applications, and other platform services efficiently through terminal commands, streamlining development and automation tasks. To get started, visit the [CLI tool documentation](https://goc8ycli.netlify.app/docs/introduction/) for detailed instructions and examples.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To simplify the interaction with the platform for developers, the {{< product-c8y-iot >}} CLI tool provides a powerful command-line interface. This tool allows you to manage devices, applications, and other platform services efficiently through terminal commands, streamlining development and automation tasks. To get started, visit the [CLI tool documentation](https://goc8ycli.netlify.app/docs/introduction/) for detailed instructions and examples.
```
